Today we are downtown Los Angeles
and currently we are working on
a print ad for the Ford Fusion.
We've got an amazing artist,
Liu Bolin, from China.
My works are called Hiding in the City.
We are blending the cars into the background
creating these invisible cars.
He is painting these vehicles to blend in
but then we want to have the Fusion stand out
so we have Jeff Ludes and his talents
for shooting beautiful sheet metal
to do that part of it.
It looks good!
The combination of their two talents
is really going to make these ads
something amazing and special.
So, this is a little different
than what we usually do.
What we do is, we get our camera angle,
we put everything in place, plot out the hero car,
we will shoot a blank frame, put the cars back in
and then superimpose those on each other.
We set up our grid work,
they paint those in matching textures.
For example, the colors need to be accurate.
All the painters we have
are trained as studio painters.
There are certain techniques they use.
But what is different is
that it needs to be painted
on a three dimensional object.
It is kind of like camouflage on a tank;
you have to hide the outline shape
which is far more complex.
Everything needs to look uniform
from one perspective, so there is
a degree of difficulty involved.
These guys are professional
Hollywood background painters
and when their background paintings look real
is when they are thrown out of focus and
they are deep in the distance
but for us we need to see all
those brush strokes and we
need them to be very sharp.
For our hero shots we are using
the Phase IQ160 and the IQ180.
We have got this digital back
that is incredibly precise,
incredibly sharp detail, and I think
it is only going to enhance the effect.
Today we brought Liu into the retouching room
to show him our first two images completed.
We have really sought out this very heroic,
beautiful lighting and I think that is only
enhanced the separation between the
perfect car and the very human painting.